= InstantsFun Standalone
a simple (dirty) wrapper to fire the instantsfun.es sound with your Launchpad OR Keyboard easily

== Usage
Have you ever visited http://instantsfun.es ? No? You should! It's full of must-have sound samples to cheer up you live! Too sad you only can fire those via mouse which suckz! But here come help.

Launch *InstantsFun Standalone* which fires the sound using your {Novation Launchpad}[http://www.novationmusic.com/products/launchpad?option=1]. Yay!

== Technical Stuff
Ok, I have to admit, this is a very quick dirty hack and could have be done way more elegant & efficient. But I didn't wanted to touch/modify/scrape the original website at all. So I came up with this simple wrapper. 
t's basically a processing app which embeds a MozillaBrowser using {MozSwing}[http://sourceforge.net/projects/mozswing/] and connects to you Launchpad using my {Processing Launchpad Library}[http://rngtng.github.com/launchpad/]. On button pressed, a simple javascript command is send to the embedded browser to trigger the sound. That's it!


== ToDo
* optimize on file size
* better keyboard support
* better layout

== Copyright
The MIT License

Copyright © 2010 RngTng, Tobias Bielohlawek

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

MozSwing is under MPL 1.1/GPL 2.0/LGPL 2.1 triple license, check their Website for more